alright cop just passed so we're gonna
wait a few minutes I'm not trying to get
a ticket because I'm too loud oh look at
that
look at that
all right
all right just heading up from the dry
cleaner to drop my sheet off
should be ready by the night whenever I
went to work but today is going to be a
another subscriber question but I mean
and today's question is did I ever have
any initial fears when it came to riding
a motorcycle for the first time and
getting into this and sorry I got a bit
of heartburn shit's killing me man feels
like my chest is on fire but um so did I
have any initial fears when it came to
getting into riding motorcycles and also
was there anything that almost made me
just say you know what I can't do it
so initial fears obviously where I would
imagine this is the same thing the same
way with everyone was pretty much just
getting getting into an accident or or
fucking up and then going down those
were my only real initial fears as far
as anything anything making me almost
just say no what I can't do this
that is definitely a No
I wasn't too scared to ride a motorcycle
whenever I first started and honestly
the second I sat down the little honda
nighthawk at the MSF course all fear and
all rationale in my brain as soon as I
sat down we turned it on for the first
time we completely out of my brain Eddie
because I'll say it a million fucking
times there's no feeling like getting on
a bike and started up for the first time
none I did it was amazing and from right
there on I was hooked like there was
nothing you were going to tell me that
was you know that was going to make me
now ride a bike I was I was hooked I was
ready to go I I loved it I loved it
instantly loved it and really like I
said the whole fear of going down and
messing up and ending up getting it to
an accident that fear really went out of
my head honestly whenever
whenever I finish TMS of course because
it teaches you so much that like I felt
like I was as prepared as I would ever
be to ride a motorcycle so I wouldn't
even say that there was much of a fear
even there anymore whenever I started
actually riding whenever I shit oh but I
wouldn't even say there was hardly any
fear at all once I actually got my bike
well I mean I had my bike got my bike
the weekend or like two three days
before my MSF course but the fear was
pretty much gone once I finished that
course so
but yeah so like by the time I was
already done with the course and it had
my bike and whatnot I wasn't worried
about shit anymore
because I felt like I was prepared as I
was ever going to be and if I wasn't I
wasn't able to to ride and not go down
now I was never going to be able to ride
so that one that was honestly I mean
that there wasn't ever I don't know
selling a badass or anything but there
was initial fear but then it was like
yeah man I'm not going down I got this
and yeah there was nothing nothing
nothing nothing that was going to stop
me from writing or that was just going
to make me say you know what I fuck this
but do tell me how it was tell me how it
was eighty degrees yesterday eighty
degrees yesterday and today it is
fucking like fifty this place I don't
understand this place man it doesn't
make any fucking sense to be why
pardhu bitch go
Jesus Christ
yeah man this weather up here is
ridiculous like how do you go from 80 to
50 in a day
sometimes I can't take people man
I'm too impatient for some of these
motherfuckers
Jesus Christ
oh yeah guys this was a
probably not the greatest vlog begin
side drag the heartburn fucking with me
it's fucking cold out of nowhere over
this shit need to move back to the south
but uh yeah guys that's all I got for
you today
I won't scare the shit what's good shit
but yeah that's all I got because today
hope you guys enjoyed this video there
will be another one mañana
I'm complaining because it is so hot let
you enjoy the exhaust so I'll give you
guys
ah